Sonata Keisiki
Sonata Keisiki's music is familiar from three parts.
The bass, the eight-pointed and the double bass.
There are two main themes in the bass.
The main theme begins with the tone.
The double theme begins with the tone above 5 degrees, which is the relationship tone.
The main theme is often based on the form of the song,
and sometimes it is developed as a school instrument that is shaped by a single figure,
and it is made in the same shape as a piece of music and can be changed to the main theme.
The double theme always appears with a corresponding quality to the main theme,
so the tone is placed between the tone and the double theme,
and the tone is placed in the position of the original tone,
and the double theme is naturally expressed in the relationship tone of the five degrees.
In addition, the double theme is added with the sound of the double theme,
and the bass is added to the tone above 5 degrees.
And this bass is repeated from the main theme and played in the normal form.
Now, as an example, I will play Beethoven's Pathetic Sonata.
In the normal sonata form, the bass is immediately played,
but in this famous pathetic sonata,
the long
juban is played before the bass.
This is to bring out the stormy melody
that appears in the bass part of Beethoven's sonata.
I think that this basic, loose juban has been used as the target
to increase its effect.
This part is still used as a target
depending on the form of the song.
This is how this juban ends.